Python is an easy to learn, powerful programming language.
It has efficient high-level data structures and a simple but effective approach to object-oriented programming. 
Python’s elegant syntax and dynamic typing, together with its interpreted nature, make it an ideal language for scripting and rapid
application development in many areas on most platforms.
This tutorial introduces the reader informally to the basic concepts and features of the Python language and system.
It helps to have a Python interpreter handy for hands-on experience, but all examples are self-contained, so the tutorial can be 
read off-line as well.
If you are running new version of Python, then you would need to use print statement with parenthesis as in print ("Hello, Python!");. 
However in Python version
Variables are nothing but reserved memory locations to store values. This means that when you create a variable you reserve some space in memory.
Based on the data type of a variable, the interpreter allocates memory and decides what can be stored in the reserved memory.
Therefore, by assigning different data types to variables, you can store integers, decimals or characters in these variables.
Assigning Values to Variables:
Python variables do not need explicit declaration to reserve memory space. The declaration happens automatically when you assign a 
value to a variable. The equal sign (=) is used to assign values to variables.
The operand to the left of the = operator is the name of the variable and the operand to the right of the = operator is the value
stored in the variable. 
Operators are the constructs which can manipulate the value of operands.
Consider the expression 4 + 5 = 9. Here, 4 and 5 are called operands and + is called operator.
Types of Operators:
Python language supports the following types of operators.

    *Arithmetic Operators
    *Comparison (Relational) Operators
    *Assignment Operators
    *Logical Operators
    *Bitwise Operators
    *Membership Operators
    *Identity Operators
Decision making is anticipation of conditions occurring while execution of the program and specifying actions taken according to 
the conditions.
Decision structures evaluate multiple expressions which produce TRUE or FALSE as outcome. You need to determine which action to
take and which statements to execute if outcome is TRUE or FALSE otherwise.
Python programming language assumes any non-zero and non-null values as TRUE, and if it is either zero or null, then it is assumed 
as FALSE value.
python also supports the while loop,for loop,nested loops.
